<ol>
  <li>The <div> tag is nothing more than a container unit that encapsulates other page elements and divides the HTML document into sections.<br>The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. The class name can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for elements with the specified class name.<br>The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element. The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.<br>The span tag is like the div tag. It has no meaning at all and is mostly used for styling by using an id or class. The difference between the two is that div is a block element, It's on a seperate line. span however is an inline element, meaning that it can be on a line with other elements.</li>
  <li>The alt attribute is the HTML attribute used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify alternative text (alt text) that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered.</li>
  <li>The first step to begin this assignment was to set up the file and folder layout and add the appropriate images and videos to the audio and video folders. Then, I began typing out the main elements for the index.html file. I took the style element info and added it to the heading, and appropriately formatted it to apply the text alignment and background color settings while keeping the class settings the same. I added the 5 div classes that each section needed to be formatted with and labeled them. After that I found the audio and video I needed and embedded those within each division, along with the album cover from the images folder. I looked up the lyrics and copy/pasted them, then formatted the layout to be centered with breaks between each line. I also had to add html number codes for special characters in the lyrics. I then went to the copyright and stated that I didn't own the material and that it's copyrighted. After that section I added the 3 Media Arts Logo files from the media folder I created and formatted the files as a miltiple-source video element with custom width and height pixels, and added preload and controls attributes. Finally, I went to the university's address on google and copied the embedded link of the map location, and added it into an "iframe" element. I was going to center the album artwork, audio, and video sections, but didn't want to mess with the format of the .container class style you provided us with. And that was basically it!</li>
</ol>
