<ol>
  <li>My imaginary client was one of my favorite bands, which already has a much better website designer and digital artists than me. I could see the css website I created would have been great for them to publicly spread their name and information, and connect with fans. Because I read ahead as to what our final custom website should include, I've been trying to connect certain themes in my web pages and css styles to be able to include in my final website this week.</li>
  <li>Compared to display&#58; inline, the major difference is that display&#58; inline-block allows to set a width and height on the element. Also, with display&#58; inline-block, the top and bottom margins/paddings are respected, but with display&#58; inline they are not. Compared to display&#58; block, the major difference is that display&#58; inline-block does not add a line-break after the element, so the element can sit next to other elements.</li>
  <li>I decided to prepare for my final website that I have to do next by making all of the html pages flow together with plenty of artwork images, and left out any placeholder resources to avoid making a cheap looking css website. This one took me the longest to complete so far, but like I said, I plan to use the css styling and html formats to make my final site to kill two birds with one stone. To begin making this css website, I found all of the images I thought would be appropriate along with some embedded vector images that the band has released as freeware vectors. I styled each page with the backgrounds after placing all of my main elements to each page, and included an image slideshow for the band albums; something I've never done. I styled the navigation bar with a dropdown list so that it flowed with each page style, and included the reference links at the end of completing every page. I embedded a soundcloud playlist of the band I used at the bottom of a few pages just to add more media content. The css stylesheet had all of the formats and classes that I needed for each element on each page, and I had to get creative trying to name things after a while to avoid conflicts, but kept it as simple as I could to keep it all functioning. The contact page was the last html page I completed, and I made sure to include all of the necessary form fields needed for a simple website. I really like how the vector images move along with the music you can play on the soundcloud playlist. I am honestly too exhausted to go into extreme detail of how I made this site, all I can say is that it was a lot to do in a day. I know that it works well, looks good, and has all the required styling.</li>
</ol>
