<ol>
  <li>I've come across email newsletter forms, secure information forms, advanced search forms, data collection forms, and many others. The forms either are used to collect user data from visited websites, searches, location, or other data; or they can simply be used to enter data that sent to a processing server when submitted by checkboxes, radio buttons, or text fields.</li>
  <li>Text input can be used in browser/website searches, data input fields, questions/responses, etc., and they can be used on computing applications or the world wide web. Selection inputs can be placed to open drop-down lists and to control user input on forms. You can find them on almost every web browser, website, or computer application to help organize options for a user. The input button defines a clickable button which is normally used with JavaScript to activate a script that defines that action of the button. Buttons can be found on most web browsers and websites, and in some computer applications. Icons are similar to buttons, but they are images that can lead to an action when clicked and have no words typically.</li>
  <li>The first step I took to set up my index.html page was to include the main elements, then I added my meta content and organized the overall page layout I wanted to start with. After that, I set up the store address and heading 1 for the top of the page, which included the email link. The next step I took was to find the table style that I wanted, and organized it so that it wasn't too hard to read through. I went to the business website and navigated to their contact info across the state to include in my table, which I then entered into the cells. I assumed that we didn't need to include a .php file to control information entered on the forms I set up, because it wasn't in the instructions, so I moved onto setting up my form areas toward the bottom of the page. I wanted to include typical forms you find on other websites, so I made a login, newsletter signup, and then the questions/comments text box forms and set them to the same header size while using typical button formats. Finally, I chose to find a reset button image and attached it to the button image that controlled the data input for the questions/comments form, and had to fiddle with it for a bit to have it clear both text input areas when clicked on.</li>
</ol>
