<ol>
  <li>Learning (actually relearning) the bare bones of HTML was great. It's not too complicated for a programming language, and gets a lot more interesting when you start adding CSS styling. It's an older style of programming language, but is continually updated in some way for compatibility's sake with new browser and device versions. Getting full-page background images was new for me, and it took a few minutes of troubleshooting to figure out how to apply the image behind the body content and have it scale appropriately. Other than little bumps like that in the learning curve, it's not bad!</li>
  <li>After exploring CSS styling for fun this week, I give kudos to how complex some styling formats of forms or advertisements can get when they look simple on the surface. It takes a lot of fiddling around with positions and sizes of different elements just to get the appearance you want. I'm definitely looking forward to explore page scrolling effects with built-in actions. I'm not too sure I'm that excited about defining the rules behind complex links and actions though, that seems to take a lot of extra time to get everything working while jumping back and forth from file to file when editing.</li>
  <li>I might keep this a more broad summary of details that went into making this website. I put a lot more styling into my pages than needed, and it took me a couple days to figure out. It was all worth it in the end because we will be working on this kind of styling in the next module, and I kind of have an OCD aspect towards making something I created look good enough even if it's not perfectly up to my standards. So to start off on the design, I did my usual file organization/naming and found the instructable I wanted to do and acquired images for the process. I put the images in the appropriate file and they instantly transferred to Atom where I could keep them. I actually use the image address from Github to source my images in the HTML pages, that way I don't have to link them to my personal computer. After this step, I started on my index page and added the main elements to each HTML page. On the index page I found a cool glowing text style to use that I thought worked well with the page background. Like I said, it took a bit to format the background image mainly because of the background properties and the divs I had initially set up and had to fix. After making sure all of my images looked good with the directions I gave, I added a simple navigation section that I would later apply the links to when the pages were completed. After the index page, I started working on the about page where I copied a decent amount of the same format I set up for the index page. I also included an instructional video embedded into the page for extra info, and changed the page background that I also applied to the contact page. For the contact page, I copied some styling from the other pages and ended up looking at other coding examples of forms to try to get a form layout that was a bit more complex, and I messed with the layout values for hours to get it to look how I wanted to. I didn't see anything in the instructions for a reference page/settings for the submit button, so I didn't include anything for that. I included all of the typical rules for a contact form aside from that, and it wouldn't take much more code to have it fully functional to receive the user info on the form somewhere. That's about it! : )</li>
</ol>
