<ol>
  <li>A system font is designed to be installed on your computer for use with applications such as Microsoft Word or Adobe Photoshop. A webfont is a specially tuned font for use on websites using the CSS &#64;font-face declaration. Web safe fonts are fonts that are included with most operating systems, the implication of such high availability is that a designer can expect typography involving web safe fonts to appear exactly as intended to most users.</li>
  <li>A web safe font is a font that is considered to be a 'safe bet' to be installed on the vast majority of computers. Every computer that has a browser installed has default fonts built in so that it can display the text on web pages. A font stack allows you to control the look of the fonts on the web page even if the site visitor's computer doesn't have the initial font that you called for.</li>
  <li>First of all, I read through the entire assignment and decided what I wanted the page content to be. I chose to do one of my favorite songs that was the first song I learned to play on guitar and sing as a kid. After finding the right images that worked together, I felt I had the framework figured out in my head. I started with the index.html file and used all of the main/meta elements I needed. I added the stylesheet link from my github page, and found websites that would give extra information/media to include links for. The soundcloud track I included at the bottom of the page wasn't the original, so I made a link from the title to the original youtube version. I added all of the song info that includes the copyright info and song info. After adding all of the text content I wanted, I began styling the fonts with built-in fonts and imported google fonts. After that I organized the layout of all the content on the index page. Then I carefully went through and formatted the css stylesheet to work with divs and paragraphs. I liked the pseudo element in the instructional example, so decided to use that with the lyrics while also including the hover element on the title link to youtube. I included fallback fonts for compatibility, and edited the fonts as necessary from the instructions. Once everything looked good to me I decided to delete the fonts folder because it wasn't necessary with the imported google fonts and fallback fonts. I like how it turned out!</li>
</ol>
