<ol>
  <li>Yes, I certainly learned a few things about web development in this class. I've used javascript before in pair with css and html, but I did learn some new approaches to styling and html layout, including version control. GitHub was new to me since I haven't used it before this semester, and I mostly used the codepen website to test my code with full page previews. Those together were extremely helpful!</li>
  <li>The main thing that was new to me was navigation menus with styled dropdown lists, and including media in parts of the html pages. I spent a bit of time trying to figure out hover and scrolling effects, but those can require a lot of code to get to work beautifully. I'll plan to keep working on that in the future to design websites for fun. I've used fonts and colors before, and controlled the layout of elements on the page. Browser support is something I wish I spent more time learning, and I mainly wish they would catch up to handling large files like images to speed up compatibility or user-friendliness.</li>
  <li>My work cycle for this website wasn't much different from assignment-12 css website I just did. I didn't want to 'reinvent the wheel' so I kept a lot of the framework and layout for the pages. I decided to change the theme and font settings for just about everything, and also changed my navigation menu to look nice. I noticed when creating a grid of embedded YouTube videos on my episode page that adding that much content can really slow down the page from loading. Good to know! I used every element from the css website I previously did, but mainly changed the music player to embedded videos because it seemed more appropriate. It took most of a day to reformat the previous website I made to having all of these changes, and it actually looks quite a bit different aside from the contact page forms. This website, like the last, should have all of the structural elements and styling requirements. This was a fun class, and it took more time than I expected to complete web pages as we progressed. I'll have to see what I can create when I have a month to work on a a single website!</li>
</ol>
